content/pages/recruiter/index.md, before:

---
title: Recruiter FAQ
---
## What type of roles do you fit?
I'm a full-stack developer, but I've specialized in data. In general, positions related to product development or data engineering will be a good fit. Although I've previously been in devops and quality (SDET) roles, they're not my primary focus.

Interested in more detail? You can deep dive [by looking at descriptions of some of my work projects](https://www.lucaskjaerozhang.com/project/), or just go straight to [my resume](https://www.lucaskjaerozhang.com/lucas-kjaero-zhang-resume.pdf).

## Timeframe
I started my last role in early 2021, and am generally happy with my situation. I like to stay at companies for at least two years, and therefore am unlikely to be interested in switching before 2023. That being said, I'm always happy to connect. 

## Types of companies
### What kind of companies are you most interested in?
I'm most interested in large tech companies producing software as a service (SAAS) for consumers or businesses. The most important thing is a strong technical culture where engineering craft is nurtured. Bonus points if the business model does not rely on advertising. 

### Will you be a early employee / technical cofounder of your startup?
I'm not currently interested in being a part of an early stage startup. While joining a startup is a valuable experience, it's not a good fit for my life stage and appetite for risk. 

### Are you open to contract roles?
Yes, I'm open to contract roles. However, I'm not open to relocating for a contract role.

## Work eligibility
### Will you need sponsorship now or in the future to work in the US?
No, I will never need sponsorship to work in the US.

### Will you need sponsorship now or in the future to work in the EU?
**Short answer: Currently yes, but not in the future.**

I'm currently under a Danish work visa, and would need sponsorship for any changes. However, I'm also eligible for Danish citizenship. I'm in the process of confirming my status with the Danish government, which will eventually result in an EU passport and no work restrictions. Until that process is complete, I'll continue to need sponsorship within the EU.

## Location
### Am you open to remote roles?
Absolutely. I'm in UTC+2 (Central European time), and am open to roles that align with that time zone.

### Am you willing to relocate?
At this time I'm not interested in relocating outside of Copenhagen.

## Compensation
### What are your salary expectations?
That depends on the role, including how interesting it is and how it impacts my career progression. That being said, I'm unlikely to be interested in compensation below Amazon L5 levels.

### Will you accept equity instead of part of your salary?
For a publically traded company? Yes. For a non-public company, the answer is more complicated, so let's talk.

Commit message:

Recruiter FAQ communication section
Describe how to get in contact.

content/pages/recruiter/index.md, after:

---
title: Recruiter FAQ
---
## What type of roles do you fit?
I'm a full-stack developer, but I've specialized in data. In general, positions related to product development or data engineering will be a good fit. Although I've previously been in devops and quality (SDET) roles, they're not my primary focus.

Interested in more detail? You can deep dive [by looking at descriptions of some of my work projects](https://www.lucaskjaerozhang.com/project/), or just go straight to [my resume](https://www.lucaskjaerozhang.com/lucas-kjaero-zhang-resume.pdf).

## Timeframe
I started my last role in early 2021, and am generally happy with my situation. I like to stay at companies for at least two years, and therefore am unlikely to be interested in switching before 2023. That being said, I'm always happy to connect. 

## Types of companies
### What kind of companies are you most interested in?
I'm most interested in large tech companies producing software as a service (SAAS) for consumers or businesses. The most important thing is a strong technical culture where engineering craft is nurtured. Bonus points if the business model does not rely on advertising. 

### Will you be a early employee / technical cofounder of your startup?
I'm not currently interested in being a part of an early stage startup. While joining a startup is a valuable experience, it's not a good fit for my life stage and appetite for risk. 

### Are you open to contract roles?
Yes, I'm open to contract roles. However, I'm not open to relocating for a contract role.

## Work eligibility
### Will you need sponsorship now or in the future to work in the US?
No, I will never need sponsorship to work in the US.

### Will you need sponsorship now or in the future to work in the EU?
**Short answer: Currently yes, but not in the future.**

I'm currently under a Danish work visa, and would need sponsorship for any changes. However, I'm also eligible for Danish citizenship. I'm in the process of confirming my status with the Danish government, which will eventually result in an EU passport and no work restrictions. Until that process is complete, I'll continue to need sponsorship within the EU.

## Location
### Am you open to remote roles?
Absolutely. I'm in UTC+2 (Central European time), and am open to roles that align with that time zone.

### Am you willing to relocate?
At this time I'm not interested in relocating outside of Copenhagen.

## Communication
### Can we set up an introductory call?
Absolutely. [Here's my calendar](https://calendly.com/lucaskjaerozhang/technical-recruiter-introduction-call), feel free to book any time slot that fits your schedule. If none of the times work for you, email me and we can find a time that will.

### What's the best way to get in contact?
Email is the best, but other methods also work. My email is lucas AT lucaskjaerozhang DOT com.

### I have your US phone number, can I call you there?
Unfortunately I don't currently use that number or check voicemails, as I am not living in the US. I'm still holding on to the phone number, but for now it's not possible to reach me there.

## Compensation
### What are your salary expectations?
That depends on the role, including how interesting it is and how it impacts my career progression. That being said, I'm unlikely to be interested in compensation below Amazon L5 levels.

### Will you accept equity instead of part of your salary?
For a publically traded company? Yes. For a non-public company, the answer is more complicated, so let's talk.
